Born born
Yixue finally sent it to my mother
Hey, it's not yours, why are you so excited?
I'm happy for you, okay? Hahaha.
Hey, the child is out, oh, it's out.
safe mother and child
Who are the maternal family members?
Come and give me a hug
I have experience.
Oops oops
I'm a grandfather.
I am also a grandfather
You see, this child looks just like Xiaofeng
Yes, of course.
This is Xiaofang's son
Yiqiu is our family's project
When he comes out, I will give him this golden bracelet
And give him 300,000
It's autumn now, I've quit my job
We can't let him have any worries
Hahaha happiness
Where did you get so much money?
We sold our old house
And my old man and I got jobs sweeping roads, and we had a lot of money.
Hey, a ball is out.
One ball
Hey, should we give our child a name?
If you want me to say, it's called Ningxia. Not only does it have the surnames of Lin Feng and Yi Qiu
Pretty smooth
That would be fine.
That's a good name.
i
I've made up my mind.
The child will die
die
Although his father never raised him
But there is the grace of fertility
I want him to remember it forever